Add TypeScript declaration + generated JSON Schema (#4)
w3c/mdn-spec-links: README.md

directly; instead you’d need to edit the upstream data at
https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data, and the content of
https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web articles.

> https://github.com/w3c/mdn-spec-links/blob/master/.mdn-spec-links.ts
> defines the datatypes and structure of the JSON data. The generated
> https://github.com/w3c/mdn-spec-links/blob/master/.mdn-spec-links.schema.json
> file is a JSON Schema that provides the same definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[.mdn-spec-links.ts](https://github.com/w3c/mdn-spec-links/blob/HEAD/.mdn-spec-links.ts) defines the data-types and structure of the JSON data as a TypeScript declaration. The generated [.mdn-spec-links.schema.json](https://github.com/w3c/mdn-spec-links/blob/HEAD/.mdn-spec-links.schema.json) file is a JSON Schema that provides the same definitions.
```
